1. Write a function that takes a file name and returns its size on disk. If the file cannot be opened, the function should return zero. Suggested function prototype:
unsigned long long GetFileSize(char * file_name);

2. Write a program that truncates a given file to 2048 bytes. Use a buffer
 in memory to store the initial 2KB of the file. Read data using fread,
 close the file and recreate it using the same name and writing only 2048
 bytes or less, if the original file was shorter. Do not enlarge short
 files.

3. Write a program that encrypts binary files by performing an XOR
operation with a "key." The "key" is a string of characters. Subsequent
characters of the key are used for subsequent bytes of the encrypted file.
When the key reaches the end, it is reused. Decryption requires repeating
these operations with the same key. Verify the program's operation.

-----

5. Use C++ ifstream/ofstream (the fstream library):
 Open (create) a text file called “numbers.txt”. Write 100 random integers to that file. 	Close the file.

6. Use C++ ifstream/ofstream (the fstream library):
This program should be run with the following command-line arguments:
	numbers.txt result.txt result.bin
	Open an existing text file with numbers (its name: first command-line argument) and:
 a) print all numbers to the screen,
 b) calculate mean and minimum of all read numbers,
 c) calculated values (mean and minimum) should be stored:
 - as a text in a new file (its name: second command-line argument),
 - as a memory block in a new file (its name: third command-line argument),
 d) calculate and display the sizes of files created in c), hint: use ftell,
 e) close all files.

7. Use C++ ifstream/ofstream (the fstream library):
Write a definition of a function copyFile that creates an exact copy of a source file. The names of the source and destination files are function parameters. The function should return true if the operation was successful, and false otherwise. Example function prototype:

bool copyFile(const char * source, const char * dest);

Call this function for some existing file (e.g. a JPG image) with the name of the destination file different, but with the same extension. Check the copied file e.g. by opening it in a browser.